Move DEM examples to documentation (#343)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/examples/dem/rotating-drum/rotating-drum.rst

                set density particles  	 				= 2500
                set young modulus particles         	= 100000000
                set poisson ratio particles          	= 0.24
                set restitution coefficient particles	= 0.97
                set friction coefficient particles      = 0.3
                set rolling friction particles         	= 0.01
        end
        set young modulus wall            				= 100000000
        set poisson ratio wall            				= 0.24
        set restitution coefficient wall           		= 0.85
        set friction coefficient wall         			= 0.35
        set rolling friction wall         	      	  	= 0.01
    end

Model parameters
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Load-balancing updates the distribution of the subdomains between the processes in parallel simulation to achieve better computational performance (less simulation time). Three load-balancing methods are available in Lethe-DEM: ``once``, ``frequent``, or ``dynamic``. Read `this article <https://www.mdpi.com/2227-9717/10/1/79>`_ for more information about different load-balancing methods and their performances in various types of DEM simulations.

> Selecting ``repartition method = once``, requires defining the step at which the code calls load balancing (``load balance step``). ``Dynamic`` ``repartition method`` requires defining ``load balance frequency``, and in ``dynamic`` ``repartition method``, we should define ``load balance threshold`` and ``dynamic load balance check frequency``. In ``dynamic`` load balancing, the code checks the distribution of particles among the processors, every ``dynamic load balance check frequency`` steps, and if

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selecting ``repartition method = once``, requires defining the step at which the code calls load balancing (``load balance step``). ``Frequent`` ``repartition method`` requires defining ``load balance frequency``, and in ``dynamic`` ``repartition method``, we should define ``load balance threshold`` and ``dynamic load balance check frequency``. In ``dynamic`` load balancing, the code checks the distribution of particles among the processors, every ``dynamic load balance check frequency`` steps, and if
```

Reviewer: Isn't the method that uses load balance frequency called frequent and not dynamic?

Author: Absolutely right, I made a mistake here. Corrected.

.. code-block:: text

    subsection model parameters
      set contact detection method 		   		 	= dynamic
      set dynamic contact search size coefficient	= 0.8
      set neighborhood threshold				 	= 1.3
      set load balance method				 		= once
  	  set load balance step					 		= 150000
      set particle particle contact force method	= hertz_mindlin_limit_overlap
      set particle wall contact force method        = nonlinear
      set integration method				 		= velocity_verlet
    end

Boundary Condition
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In this subsection, the boundary conditions of the DEM simulation are defined. First of all, the ``number of boundary conditions`` is specified. Then for each boundary condition, its information is defined. There are four boundary types: ``fixed_wall``, ``outlet``, ``rotational`` (around the center), and ``translational``. For ``rotational`` motion, ``rotational speed`` and ``rotational vector`` are required, while for ``translational`` motion, the ``speed`` should be defined in each direction.

> ``fixed_wall`` is a static wall, and particles collide with these static walls upon reaching the wall. The only way to move these walls is to move the entire triangulation. If the ``outlet`` condition is chosen for a boundary, particles can leave the simulation domain via this outlet. Using ``rotational`` and ``translational`` boundary conditions, exerts imaginary rotational and translational velocities to that boundary. In other words, the boundary does not move, but the particles that have collisions with these walls receive a rotational or translational velocity from the wall. This feature is used in the rotating drum example. The boundary id of the ``cylinder`` side wall, defined with deal.ii grid generator is 4. We set the ``rotational speed`` equal to 11.6 rad/s, and the cylinder should rotate around its axis (`x` direction).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``fixed_wall`` is a static wall, and particles collide with these static walls upon reaching them. The only way to move these walls is to move the entire triangulation. If the ``outlet`` condition is chosen for a boundary, particles can leave the simulation domain via this outlet. Using ``rotational`` or ``translational`` boundary conditions, exerts imaginary rotational and translational velocities to that boundary. In other words, the boundary does not move, but the particles that have collisions with these walls feel a rotational or translational velocity from the wall. This feature is used in the rotating drum example. The boundary id of the ``cylinder`` side wall, defined with deal.ii grid generator is 4. We set the ``rotational speed`` equal to 11.6 rad/s, and the cylinder should rotate around its axis (`x` direction).
```

.. code-block:: text

    subsection DEM boundary conditions
      set number of boundary conditions         = 1
        subsection boundary condition 0
            set boundary id						= 4
            set type              				= rotational
            set rotational speed				= 11.6
            set rotational vector x				= 1
            set rotational vector y				= 0
            set rotational vector z				= 0
        end
    end

Simulation control
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. code-block:: text

    subsection simulation control
      set time step                 		 = 1e-6
      set time end       					 = 15
      set log frequency				         = 1000
      set output frequency            		 = 1000
    end

Running the simulation
----------------------
This simulation can be launched (in parallel mode on 64 processes) by:

.. code-block:: text

>   mpirun -np 64 dem_3d rotating_drum.prm

Author: I have added a warning to report the approximate simulation time. I will set up a smaller case with a smaller number of particles and add it to this example. but I have to test it on my machine first. So I will do it in another PR.
